### 1. What is 'NPM'?
It is a tool used for package management and default package manager for Node projects. NPM is installed when NodeJS is installed on a machine. It comes with a command-line interface (CLI) used to interact with the online database of NPM. The database is called NPM database registry, and it hosts public and private 'packages'. To add or update packages, we use the NPM CLI to interact with this database. yarn is alternative of npm. 

### 2. What is 'parcel/Webpack' ? Why do we need it?
Parcel/Webpack is type of a web application bundler used for development and productions purposes or power our application with different type functionalities and features. It offers blazing fast performance utilizing multicore processing and requires zero configuration. Parcel can take any type of file as an entry point, but an HTML or javascript file is a good place to start. Parcel/Webpack are type of bundlers that we use to power application with different type functionalities and features.

### 3. What is '.parcel-cache'?
.parcel-cache  is used by parcel(bundler) to reduce building time. It stores information about our project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it does not have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It is a key reason why parcel can so fast in development mode.

### 4. What is 'npx'?
npx is a tool that is used to execute the packages. It comes with the npm, when we installed npm above 5.2.0 version then automatically npx will be installed. It is an npm package runner that can execute any package that we want from the npm registry without even installing the package.

### 5. What is difference between 'dependencies' vs 'devDependencies'?
Dependencies should contain library and framework in which our app is built on, needs to function effectively such as Vue, React, Angular, Express, JQuery, etc. devDependecies should contain modules/packages a developer needs during development such as parcel, webpack, vite, mocha. These packages are necessary only while we develop our project, not necessary on production. To save a dependency as a devDependencies on installation we need to do 
```npm install --save-dev```
and for normal dependencies
```npm install --save```

### 6. What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is a process of removing unwanted code that we do not use while developing the application. In computing, tree shaking is a dead code elimination technique that is applied when optimizing code.

### 7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways: retain application state is lost during full reload.

### 8. List down your favourite 5 superpower of Parcel and describe any three of them.
- HMR (Hot Module Replacement) : parcel keeps track of file changes via watcher algorithm and renders the changes in the files.
- File watcher algorithm : made with C++
- Minification : Parcel includes minifiers for JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and SVG out of the box! Just run parcel build index.html, and our whole application will be built and optimized automatically.
- Cleaning our code
- Dev and production build
- Super fast building alogorith
- image optimization
- caching while development 
- compresses
- compatible with older version of browser
- HTTPS in dev
- Port Number
- Consistent hashing algorithm
- Zero configuration
- Automatic code splitting

### 9. What is '.gitignore'? What should we add and not add into it?
The .gitignore file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project during commit to the repository. The types of files we should consider adding to a .gitignores file are any files that do not need to get committed. For example, for security, the security key files and API keys should get added to the gitignore. package-lock.json should not add into our .gitignore file. 

The entries in this file can also follow a matching pattern.
 `*` is used as a wild card match
 `/` is used to ignore pathnames relative to the .gitignore
 `#` is used to add comments to a .gitignore file

### 10. What is the difference between 'package.json' and 'package-lock.json'?
#### package.json : 
- This file is mandatory for every project
- It contains basic information about the project
- Application name/version/scripts
#### package-lock.json
- This file is automatically generated for those operation where npm modifies either the node_module tree or package-json.
- It is generated after an npm install.
- It allows future devs and automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.
- It also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual commmitting the node_modules folder.
- It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them. Future installs will be capable of     building identical description tree.

### 11. Why should I not modify 'package-lock.json'?
package-lock.json file contains the inforrmation about the dependencies and their versions used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependencies issues in the production environment. So do not modify it. It is being handled automatically by NPM.

### 12. What is 'node_module'? Is it good idea to push that on git?
node_modules folder like a cache for the external modules that our project depends upon. When we npm install them, they are downloaded from the web and copied into the node_modules folder and NodeJS is trained to look for them there when we import them without a specific path. Don't push node_modules in github because it contains lots of files (more than 100MB), it will cost us memory space.

### 13. What is 'dist' folder?
The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications. Along with the minified code, the /dist folder  also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems.

### 14. What is 'browserlists'?
Browserlist is a tool that alllows specifying which browsers should be supported in our frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by framework/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.
